I don't know acting. I'm sorry, man. You're there 16 hour days.
And I don't think that's as satisfying, no matter who you are.
And also it's so fake that puts on a little act,
but also the trap is having a persona.
I showed up in New York and I decided to start wearing Kangol hats backwards.
They look good on me.
I decided I'm going to be a good looking at them because I saw some actor it's
too busy for Dora Noah. Barets. This is the masters.
If you wear a Baret, I'm going to throw in a French braid,
throwing you in a flying headlock Brock Lesnar.
If you have a bra and a cigarette holder, like hunter S Thompson.
Now I kind of like you,
if you're a dandy and you have an ear trumpet and a cigarette holder. Now,
I like you. I have a hard time with dudes who wear vests me too. I do want,
I do want to dress like, like a, like a Cuban gentlemen at the end of the day,
I want to wear linen suits and I want to smoke fine cigars.
There is the aura pipe. There is part of me. I like to smoke cigars. Never,
ever, ever. So what's stopping you. I don't know, just a store down the street.
I just saw that she got some cigarettes. This is a joint, bro. Oh, Jesus.
A blunt. Yeah, I like that.
Yeah. It's tobacco on the outside. Really?
It was the that crashed the Tesla stock brought it down.
So it kind of hurt my lungs, man. Is it mostly weed? Oh yeah, the insides. We'd
get a little,
little head rush from the tobacco and then they get a little.
Glue.
Little life.
I'm such a lightweight life inside of the brain because of the marijuana.
If we only had some wine, perfect pink breakouts and fine whiskey.
I don't have any glasses and we'll be all right.
Or we could just drink out of the glass. Like gentlemen,
I got to the bottle of mean, yeah, we have cups. You have to get out of here.
No. Alright. I never have to
keep talking about, oh, sorry. I'm here. Um,